[]
name=HTML,PHP,JS,VBS
author=lokster
ext=.html;.htm;.php;
lex=4
DefaultStyle=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0

words0=a abbr acronym address applet area b base basefont bdo big blockquote 
body br button caption center cite code col colgroup dd del dfn dir div dl dt 
em fieldset font form frame frameset h1 h2 h3 h4 h5 h6 head hr html i iframe 
img input ins isindex kbd label legend li link map menu meta noframes noscript 
object ol optgroup option p param pre q s samp script select small span strike 
strong style sub sup table tbody td textarea tfoot th thead title tr tt u ul 
var xmlns abbr accept-charset accept accesskey action align alink alt archive 
axis background bgcolor border cellpadding cellspacing char charoff charset 
checked cite class classid clear codebase codetype color cols colspan compact 
content coords data datafld dataformatas datapagesize datasrc datetime declare 
defer dir disabled enctype face for frame frameborder headers height href 
hreflang hspace http-equiv id ismap label lang language link longdesc 
marginwidth marginheight maxlength media method multiple name nohref noresize 
noshade nowrap object onblur onchange onclick ondblclick onfocus onkeydown 
onkeypress onkeyup onload onmousedown onmousemove onmouseover onmouseout 
onmouseup onreset onselect onsubmit onunload profile prompt readonly rel rev 
rows rowspan rules scheme scope shape size span src standby start style summary 
tabindex target text title type usemap valign value valuetype version vlink 
vspace width text password checkbox radio submit reset file hidden image public 
!doctype xml

words1=break case catch continue default do else for function if return throw 
try var while 

words2=and as byref byval case call const continue dim do each 
else elseif end error exit false for function global goto if in loop me new 
next not nothing on optional or private public redim rem resume select set sub 
then to true type while with boolean byte currency date double integer long 
object single string type variant 

words3=and assert break class continue def 
del elif else except exec finally for from global if import in is lambda None 
not or pass print raise return try while with yield

words4=and or xor __file__ __line__ array as break case cfunction class const 
continue declare default die do echo else elseif empty enddeclare endfor 
endforeach endif endswitch endwhile eval exit extends for foreach function 
global if include include_once isset list new old_function print require 
require_once return static switch unset use var while __function__ __class__ 
php_version php_os default_include_path pear_install_dir pear_extension_dir 
php_extension_dir php_bindir php_libdir php_datadir php_sysconfdir 
php_localstatedir php_config_file_path php_output_handler_start 
php_output_handler_cont php_output_handler_end e_error e_warning e_parse 
e_notice e_core_error e_core_warning e_compile_error e_compile_warning 
e_user_error e_user_warning e_user_notice e_all true false bool boolean int 
integer float double real string array object resource null class extends 
parent stdclass directory __sleep __wakeup abs acos acosh addcslashes 
addslashes aggregate_info aggregate_methods_by_list aggregate_methods_by_regexp 
aggregate_methods aggregate_properties_by_list aggregate_properties_by_regexp 
aggregate_properties aggregate aggregation_info apache_child_terminate 
apache_lookup_uri apache_note apache_request_headers apache_response_headers 
apache_setenv array_change_key_case array_chunk array_count_values 
array_diff_assoc array_diff array_fill array_filter array_flip 
array_intersect_assoc array_intersect array_key_exists array_keys array_map 
array_merge_recursive array_merge array_multisort array_pad array_pop 
array_push array_rand array_reduce array_reverse array_search array_shift 
array_slice array_splice array_sum array_unique array_unshift array_values 
array_walk array arsort ascii2ebcdic asin asinh asort aspell_check_raw 
aspell_check aspell_new aspell_suggest assert_options assert atan atan2 atanh 
base_convert base64_decode base64_encode basename bcadd bccomp bcdiv bcmod 
bcmul bcpow bcpowmod bcscale bcsqrt bcsub bin2hex bind_textdomain_codeset 
bindec bindtextdomain bzclose bzcompress bzdecompress bzerrno bzerror bzerrstr 
bzflush bzopen bzread bzwrite cal_days_in_month cal_from_jd cal_info cal_to_jd 
call_user_func_array call_user_func call_user_method_array call_user_method 
ccvs_add ccvs_auth ccvs_command ccvs_count ccvs_delete ccvs_done ccvs_init 
ccvs_lookup ccvs_new ccvs_report ccvs_return ccvs_reverse ccvs_sale ccvs_status 
ccvs_textvalue ccvs_void ceil chdir checkdate checkdnsrr chgrp chmod chop chown 
chr chroot chunk_split class_exists clearstatcache closedir closelog com_addref 
com_get com_invoke com_isenum com_load_typelib com_load com_propget com_propput 
com_propset com_release com_set compact connection_aborted connection_status 
connection_timeout constant convert_cyr_string copy cos cosh count_chars count 
cpdf_add_annotation cpdf_add_outline cpdf_arc cpdf_begin_text cpdf_circle 
cpdf_clip cpdf_close cpdf_closepath_fill_stroke cpdf_closepath_stroke 
cpdf_closepath cpdf_continue_text cpdf_curveto cpdf_end_text cpdf_fill_stroke 
cpdf_fill cpdf_finalize_page cpdf_finalize cpdf_global_set_document_limits 
cpdf_import_jpeg cpdf_lineto cpdf_moveto cpdf_newpath cpdf_open 
cpdf_output_buffer cpdf_page_init cpdf_place_inline_image cpdf_rect 
cpdf_restore cpdf_rlineto cpdf_rmoveto cpdf_rotate_text cpdf_rotate 
cpdf_save_to_file cpdf_save cpdf_scale cpdf_set_action_url 
cpdf_set_char_spacing cpdf_set_creator cpdf_set_current_page 
cpdf_set_font_directories cpdf_set_font_map_file cpdf_set_font 
cpdf_set_horiz_scaling cpdf_set_keywords cpdf_set_leading 
cpdf_set_page_animation cpdf_set_subject cpdf_set_text_matrix cpdf_set_text_pos 
cpdf_set_text_rendering cpdf_set_text_rise cpdf_set_title 
cpdf_set_viewer_preferences cpdf_set_word_spacing cpdf_setdash cpdf_setflat 
cpdf_setgray_fill cpdf_setgray_stroke cpdf_setgray cpdf_setlinecap 
cpdf_setlinejoin cpdf_setlinewidth cpdf_setmiterlimit cpdf_setrgbcolor_fill 
cpdf_setrgbcolor_stroke cpdf_setrgbcolor cpdf_show_xy cpdf_show 
cpdf_stringwidth cpdf_stroke cpdf_text cpdf_translate crack_check 
crack_closedict crack_getlastmessage crack_opendict crc32 create_function crypt 
ctype_alnum ctype_alpha ctype_cntrl ctype_digit ctype_graph ctype_lower 
ctype_print ctype_punct ctype_space ctype_upper ctype_xdigit curl_close 
curl_errno curl_error curl_exec curl_getinfo curl_init curl_setopt curl_version 
current cybercash_base64_decode cybercash_base64_encode cybercash_decr 
cybercash_encr cybermut_creerformulairecm cybermut_creerreponsecm 
cybermut_testmac cyrus_authenticate cyrus_bind cyrus_close cyrus_connect 
cyrus_query cyrus_unbind date dba_close dba_delete dba_exists dba_fetch 
dba_firstkey dba_handlers dba_insert dba_list dba_nextkey dba_open dba_optimize 
dba_popen dba_replace dba_sync dbase_add_record dbase_close dbase_create 
dbase_delete_record dbase_get_record_with_names dbase_get_record 
dbase_numfields dbase_numrecords dbase_open dbase_pack dbase_replace_record 
dblist dbmclose dbmdelete dbmexists dbmfetch dbmfirstkey dbminsert dbmnextkey 
dbmopen dbmreplace dbplus_add dbplus_aql dbplus_chdir dbplus_close dbplus_curr 
dbplus_errcode dbplus_errno dbplus_find dbplus_first dbplus_flush 
dbplus_freealllocks dbplus_freelock dbplus_freerlocks dbplus_getlock 
dbplus_getunique dbplus_info dbplus_last dbplus_lockrel dbplus_next dbplus_open 
dbplus_prev dbplus_rchperm dbplus_rcreate dbplus_rcrtexact dbplus_rcrtlike 
dbplus_resolve dbplus_restorepos dbplus_rkeys dbplus_ropen dbplus_rquery 
dbplus_rrename dbplus_rsecindex dbplus_runlink dbplus_rzap dbplus_savepos 
dbplus_setindex dbplus_setindexbynumber dbplus_sql dbplus_tcl dbplus_tremove 
dbplus_undo dbplus_undoprepare dbplus_unlockrel dbplus_unselect dbplus_update 
dbplus_xlockrel dbplus_xunlockrel dbx_close dbx_compare dbx_connect dbx_error 
dbx_escape_string dbx_query dbx_sort dcgettext dcngettext deaggregate 
debug_backtrace debugger_off debugger_on decbin dechex decoct 
define_syslog_variables define defined deg2rad delete dgettext die dio_close 
dio_fcntl dio_open dio_read dio_seek dio_stat dio_tcsetattr dio_truncate 
dio_write dirname disk_free_space disk_total_space diskfreespace dl dngettext 
dns_check_record dns_get_mx dns_get_record domattribute->name domattribute->
specified domattribute->value domdocument->add_root [deprecated] domdocument->
create_attribute domdocument->create_cdata_section domdocument->create_comment 
domdocument->create_element domdocument->create_element_ns domdocument->
create_entity_reference domdocument->create_processing_instruction domdocument->
create_text_node domdocument->doctype domdocument->document_element 
domdocument->dump_file domdocument->dump_mem domdocument->get_element_by_id 
domdocument->get_elements_by_tagname domdocument->html_dump_mem domdocument->
xinclude domdocumenttype->entities domdocumenttype->internal_subset 
domdocumenttype->name domdocumenttype->notations domdocumenttype->public_id 
domdocumenttype->system_id domelement->get_attribute_node domelement->
get_attribute domelement->get_elements_by_tagname domelement->has_attribute 
domelement->remove_attribute domelement->set_attribute domelement->tagname 
domnode->add_namespace domnode->append_child domnode->append_sibling domnode->
attributes domnode->child_nodes domnode->clone_node domnode->dump_node domnode->
first_child domnode->get_content domnode->has_attributess domnode->
has_child_nodes domnode->insert_before domnode->is_blank_node domnode->
last_child domnode->next_sibling domnode->node_name domnode->node_type domnode->
node_value domnode->owner_document domnode->parent_node domnode->prefix 
domnode->previous_sibling domnode->remove_child domnode->replace_child domnode->
replace_node domnode->set_content domnode->set_name domnode->set_namespace 
domnode->unlink_node domprocessinginstruction->data domprocessinginstruction->
target domxml_new_doc domxml_open_file domxml_open_mem domxml_version 
domxml_xmltree domxml_xslt_stylesheet_doc domxml_xslt_stylesheet_file 
domxml_xslt_stylesheet domxsltstylesheet->process domxsltstylesheet->
result_dump_file domxsltstylesheet->result_dump_mem dotnet_load doubleval each 
easter_date easter_days ebcdic2ascii echo empty end ereg_replace ereg 
eregi_replace eregi error_log error_reporting escapeshellarg escapeshellcmd 
eval exec exif_imagetype exif_read_data exif_thumbnail exit exp explode expm1 
extension_loaded extract ezmlm_hash fbsql_affected_rows fbsql_autocommit 
fbsql_change_user fbsql_close fbsql_commit fbsql_connect fbsql_create_blob 
fbsql_create_clob fbsql_create_db fbsql_data_seek fbsql_database_password 
fbsql_database fbsql_db_query fbsql_db_status fbsql_drop_db fbsql_errno 
fbsql_error fbsql_fetch_array fbsql_fetch_assoc fbsql_fetch_field 
fbsql_fetch_lengths fbsql_fetch_object fbsql_fetch_row fbsql_field_flags 
fbsql_field_len fbsql_field_name fbsql_field_seek fbsql_field_table 
fbsql_field_type fbsql_free_result fbsql_get_autostart_info fbsql_hostname 
fbsql_insert_id fbsql_list_dbs fbsql_list_fields fbsql_list_tables 
fbsql_next_result fbsql_num_fields fbsql_num_rows fbsql_password fbsql_pconnect 
fbsql_query fbsql_read_blob fbsql_read_clob fbsql_result fbsql_rollback 
fbsql_select_db fbsql_set_lob_mode fbsql_set_transaction fbsql_start_db 
fbsql_stop_db fbsql_tablename fbsql_username fbsql_warnings fclose 
fdf_add_doc_javascript fdf_add_template fdf_close fdf_create fdf_enum_values 
fdf_errno fdf_error fdf_get_ap fdf_get_attachment fdf_get_encoding fdf_get_file 
fdf_get_flags fdf_get_opt fdf_get_status fdf_get_value fdf_get_version 
fdf_header fdf_next_field_name fdf_open_string fdf_open fdf_remove_item 
fdf_save_string fdf_save fdf_set_ap fdf_set_encoding fdf_set_file fdf_set_flags 
fdf_set_javascript_action fdf_set_opt fdf_set_status fdf_set_submit_form_action 
fdf_set_target_frame fdf_set_value fdf_set_version feof fflush fgetc fgetcsv 
fgets fgetss file_exists file_get_contents file_put_contents file fileatime 
filectime filegroup fileinode filemtime fileowner fileperms filepro_fieldcount 
filepro_fieldname filepro_fieldtype filepro_fieldwidth filepro_retrieve 
filepro_rowcount filepro filesize filetype floatval flock floor flush fmod 
fnmatch fopen fpassthru fprintf fputs fread frenchtojd fribidi_log2vis fscanf 
fseek fsockopen fstat ftell ftok ftp_cdup ftp_chdir ftp_chmod ftp_close 
ftp_connect ftp_delete ftp_exec ftp_fget ftp_fput ftp_get_option ftp_get 
ftp_login ftp_mdtm ftp_mkdir ftp_nb_continue ftp_nb_fget ftp_nb_fput ftp_nb_get 
ftp_nb_put ftp_nlist ftp_pasv ftp_put ftp_pwd ftp_quit ftp_raw ftp_rawlist 
ftp_rename ftp_rmdir ftp_set_option ftp_site ftp_size ftp_ssl_connect 
ftp_systype ftruncate func_get_arg func_get_args func_num_args function_exists 
fwrite gd_info get_browser get_cfg_var get_class_methods get_class_vars 
get_class get_current_user get_declared_classes get_defined_constants 
get_defined_functions get_defined_vars get_extension_funcs 
get_html_translation_table get_included_files get_loaded_extensions 
get_magic_quotes_gpc get_magic_quotes_runtime get_meta_tags get_object_vars 
get_parent_class get_required_files get_resource_type getallheaders getcwd 
getdate getenv gethostbyaddr gethostbyname gethostbynamel getimagesize 
getlastmod getmxrr getmygid getmyinode getmypid getmyuid getopt getprotobyname 
getprotobynumber getrandmax getrusage getservbyname getservbyport gettext 
gettimeofday gettype glob gmdate gmmktime gmp_abs gmp_add gmp_and gmp_clrbit 
gmp_cmp gmp_com gmp_div_q gmp_div_qr gmp_div_r gmp_div gmp_divexact gmp_fact 
gmp_gcd gmp_gcdext gmp_hamdist gmp_init gmp_intval gmp_invert gmp_jacobi 
gmp_legendre gmp_mod gmp_mul gmp_neg gmp_or gmp_perfect_square gmp_popcount 
gmp_pow gmp_powm gmp_prob_prime gmp_random gmp_scan0 gmp_scan1 gmp_setbit 
gmp_sign gmp_sqrt gmp_sqrtrm gmp_strval gmp_sub gmp_xor gmstrftime 
gregoriantojd gzclose gzcompress gzdeflate gzencode gzeof gzfile gzgetc gzgets 
gzgetss gzinflate gzopen gzpassthru gzputs gzread gzrewind gzseek gztell 
gzuncompress gzwrite header headers_sent hebrev hebrevc hexdec highlight_file 
highlight_string html_entity_decode htmlentities htmlspecialchars 
hw_array2objrec hw_changeobject hw_children hw_childrenobj hw_close hw_connect 
hw_connection_info hw_cp hw_deleteobject hw_docbyanchor hw_docbyanchorobj 
hw_document_attributes hw_document_bodytag hw_document_content 
hw_document_setcontent hw_document_size hw_dummy hw_edittext hw_error 
hw_errormsg hw_free_document hw_getanchors hw_getanchorsobj hw_getandlock 
hw_getchildcoll hw_getchildcollobj hw_getchilddoccoll hw_getchilddoccollobj 
hw_getobject hw_getobjectbyquery hw_getobjectbyquerycoll 
hw_getobjectbyquerycollobj hw_getobjectbyqueryobj hw_getparents 
hw_getparentsobj hw_getrellink hw_getremote hw_getremotechildren 
hw_getsrcbydestobj hw_gettext hw_getusername hw_identify hw_incollections 
hw_info hw_inscoll hw_insdoc hw_insertanchors hw_insertdocument hw_insertobject 
hw_mapid hw_modifyobject hw_mv hw_new_document hw_objrec2array 
hw_output_document hw_pconnect hw_pipedocument hw_root hw_setlinkroot hw_stat 
hw_unlock hw_who hw_api_attribute->key hw_api_attribute->langdepvalue 
hw_api_attribute->value hw_api_attribute->values hw_api_attribute hw_api->
checkin hw_api->checkout hw_api->children hw_api_content->mimetype 
hw_api_content->read hw_api->content hw_api->copy hw_api->dbstat hw_api->dcstat 
hw_api->dstanchors hw_api->dstofsrcanchors hw_api_error->count hw_api_error->
reason hw_api->find hw_api->ftstat hwapi_hgcsp hw_api->hwstat hw_api->identify 
hw_api->info hw_api->insert hw_api->insertanchor hw_api->insertcollection 
hw_api->insertdocument hw_api->link hw_api->lock hw_api->move hw_api_content 
hw_api_object->assign hw_api_object->attreditable hw_api_object->count 
hw_api_object->insert hw_api_object hw_api_object->remove hw_api_object->title 
hw_api_object->value hw_api->object hw_api->objectbyanchor hw_api->parents 
hw_api_reason->description hw_api_reason->type hw_api->remove hw_api->replace 
hw_api->setcommitedversion hw_api->srcanchors hw_api->srcsofdst hw_api->unlock 
hw_api->user hw_api->userlist hypot ibase_blob_add ibase_blob_cancel 
ibase_blob_close ibase_blob_create ibase_blob_echo ibase_blob_get 
ibase_blob_import ibase_blob_info ibase_blob_open ibase_close ibase_commit 
ibase_connect ibase_errmsg ibase_execute ibase_fetch_object ibase_fetch_row 
ibase_field_info ibase_free_query ibase_free_result ibase_num_fields 
ibase_pconnect ibase_prepare ibase_query ibase_rollback ibase_timefmt 
ibase_trans iconv_get_encoding iconv_set_encoding iconv ifx_affected_rows 
ifx_blobinfile_mode ifx_byteasvarchar ifx_close ifx_connect ifx_copy_blob 
ifx_create_blob ifx_create_char ifx_do ifx_error ifx_errormsg ifx_fetch_row 
ifx_fieldproperties ifx_fieldtypes ifx_free_blob ifx_free_char ifx_free_result 
ifx_get_blob ifx_get_char ifx_getsqlca ifx_htmltbl_result ifx_nullformat 
ifx_num_fields ifx_num_rows ifx_pconnect ifx_prepare ifx_query 
ifx_textasvarchar ifx_update_blob ifx_update_char ifxus_close_slob 
ifxus_create_slob ifxus_free_slob ifxus_open_slob ifxus_read_slob 
ifxus_seek_slob ifxus_tell_slob ifxus_write_slob ignore_user_abort 
image_type_to_mime_type image2wbmp imagealphablending imagearc imagechar 
imagecharup imagecolorallocate imagecolorallocatealpha imagecolorat 
imagecolorclosest imagecolorclosestalpha imagecolorclosesthwb 
imagecolordeallocate imagecolorexact imagecolorexactalpha imagecolorresolve 
imagecolorresolvealpha imagecolorset imagecolorsforindex imagecolorstotal 
imagecolortransparent imagecopy imagecopymerge imagecopymergegray 
imagecopyresampled imagecopyresized imagecreate imagecreatefromgd 
imagecreatefromgd2 imagecreatefromgd2part imagecreatefromgif 
imagecreatefromjpeg imagecreatefrompng imagecreatefromstring 
imagecreatefromwbmp imagecreatefromxbm imagecreatefromxpm imagecreatetruecolor 
imagedashedline imagedestroy imageellipse imagefill imagefilledarc 
imagefilledellipse imagefilledpolygon imagefilledrectangle imagefilltoborder 
imagefontheight imagefontwidth imageftbbox imagefttext imagegammacorrect 
imagegd imagegd2 imagegif imageinterlace imageistruecolorcreate imagejpeg 
imageline imageloadfont imagepalettecopy imagepng imagepolygon imagepsbbox 
imagepscopyfont imagepsencodefont imagepsextendfont imagepsfreefont 
imagepsloadfont imagepsslantfont imagepstext imagerectangle imagerotate 
imagesavealpha imagesetbrush imagesetpixel imagesetstyle imagesetthickness 
imagesettile imagestring imagestringup imagesx imagesy imagetruecolortopalette 
imagettfbbox imagettftext imagetypes imagewbmp imap_8bit imap_alerts 
imap_append imap_base64 imap_binary imap_body imap_bodystruct imap_check 
imap_clearflag_full imap_close imap_createmailbox imap_delete 
imap_deletemailbox imap_errors imap_expunge imap_fetch_overview imap_fetchbody 
imap_fetchheader imap_fetchstructure imap_get_quota imap_get_quotaroot 
imap_getmailboxes imap_getsubscribed imap_header imap_headerinfo imap_headers 
imap_last_error imap_list imap_listmailbox imap_listscan imap_listsubscribed 
imap_lsub imap_mail_compose imap_mail_copy imap_mail_move imap_mail 
imap_mailboxmsginfo imap_mime_header_decode imap_msgno imap_num_msg 
imap_num_recent imap_open imap_ping imap_qprint imap_renamemailbox imap_reopen 
imap_rfc822_parse_adrlist imap_rfc822_parse_headers imap_rfc822_write_address 
imap_scanmailbox imap_search imap_set_quota imap_setacl imap_setflag_full 
imap_sort imap_status imap_subscribe imap_thread imap_uid imap_undelete 
imap_unsubscribe imap_utf7_decode imap_utf7_encode imap_utf8 implode 
import_request_variables in_array ingres_autocommit ingres_close ingres_commit 
ingres_connect ingres_fetch_array ingres_fetch_object ingres_fetch_row 
ingres_field_length ingres_field_name ingres_field_nullable 
ingres_field_precision ingres_field_scale ingres_field_type ingres_num_fields 
ingres_num_rows ingres_pconnect ingres_query ingres_rollback ini_alter 
ini_get_all ini_get ini_restore ini_set intval ip2long iptcembed iptcparse 
ircg_channel_mode ircg_disconnect ircg_fetch_error_msg ircg_get_username 
ircg_html_encode ircg_ignore_add ircg_ignore_del ircg_is_conn_alive ircg_join 
ircg_kick ircg_lookup_format_messages ircg_msg ircg_nick ircg_nickname_escape 
ircg_nickname_unescape ircg_notice ircg_part ircg_pconnect 
ircg_register_format_messages ircg_set_current ircg_set_file ircg_set_on_die 
ircg_topic ircg_whois is_a is_array is_bool is_callable is_dir is_double 
is_executable is_file is_finite is_float is_infinite is_int is_integer is_link 
is_long is_nan is_null is_numeric is_object is_readable is_real is_resource 
is_scalar is_string is_subclass_of is_uploaded_file is_writable is_writeable 
isset java_last_exception_clear java_last_exception_get jddayofweek jdmonthname 
jdtofrench jdtogregorian jdtojewish jdtojulian jdtounix jewishtojd join 
jpeg2wbmp juliantojd key krsort ksort lcg_value ldap_8859_to_t61 ldap_add 
ldap_bind ldap_close ldap_compare ldap_connect ldap_count_entries ldap_delete 
ldap_dn2ufn ldap_err2str ldap_errno ldap_error ldap_explode_dn 
ldap_first_attribute ldap_first_entry ldap_first_reference ldap_free_result 
ldap_get_attributes ldap_get_dn ldap_get_entries ldap_get_option 
ldap_get_values_len ldap_get_values ldap_list ldap_mod_add ldap_mod_del 
ldap_mod_replace ldap_modify ldap_next_attribute ldap_next_entry 
ldap_next_reference ldap_parse_reference ldap_parse_result ldap_read 
ldap_rename ldap_search ldap_set_option ldap_set_rebind_proc ldap_sort 
ldap_start_tls ldap_t61_to_8859 ldap_unbind levenshtein link linkinfo list 
localeconv localtime log log10 log1p long2ip lstat ltrim mail 
mailparse_determine_best_xfer_encoding mailparse_msg_create 
mailparse_msg_extract_part_file mailparse_msg_extract_part mailparse_msg_free 
mailparse_msg_get_part_data mailparse_msg_get_part mailparse_msg_get_structure 
mailparse_msg_parse_file mailparse_msg_parse mailparse_rfc822_parse_addresses 
mailparse_stream_encode mailparse_uudecode_all main max mb_convert_case 
mb_convert_encoding mb_convert_kana mb_convert_variables mb_decode_mimeheader 
mb_decode_numericentity mb_detect_encoding mb_detect_order mb_encode_mimeheader 
mb_encode_numericentity mb_ereg_match mb_ereg_replace mb_ereg_search_getpos 
mb_ereg_search_getregs mb_ereg_search_init mb_ereg_search_pos 
mb_ereg_search_regs mb_ereg_search_setpos mb_ereg_search mb_ereg 
mb_eregi_replace mb_eregi mb_get_info mb_http_input mb_http_output 
mb_internal_encoding mb_language mb_output_handler mb_parse_str 
mb_preferred_mime_name mb_regex_encoding mb_regex_set_options mb_send_mail 
mb_split mb_strcut mb_strimwidth mb_strlen mb_strpos mb_strrpos mb_strtolower 
mb_strtoupper mb_strwidth mb_substitute_character mb_substr_count mb_substr 
mcal_append_event mcal_close mcal_create_calendar mcal_date_compare 
mcal_date_valid mcal_day_of_week mcal_day_of_year mcal_days_in_month 
mcal_delete_calendar mcal_delete_event mcal_event_add_attribute mcal_event_init 
mcal_event_set_alarm mcal_event_set_category mcal_event_set_class 
mcal_event_set_description mcal_event_set_end mcal_event_set_recur_daily 
mcal_event_set_recur_monthly_mday mcal_event_set_recur_monthly_wday 
mcal_event_set_recur_none mcal_event_set_recur_weekly 
mcal_event_set_recur_yearly mcal_event_set_start mcal_event_set_title 
mcal_expunge mcal_fetch_current_stream_event mcal_fetch_event mcal_is_leap_year 
mcal_list_alarms mcal_list_events mcal_next_recurrence mcal_open mcal_popen 
mcal_rename_calendar mcal_reopen mcal_snooze mcal_store_event mcal_time_valid 
mcal_week_of_year mcrypt_cbc mcrypt_cfb mcrypt_create_iv mcrypt_decrypt 
mcrypt_ecb mcrypt_enc_get_algorithms_name mcrypt_enc_get_block_size 
mcrypt_enc_get_iv_size mcrypt_enc_get_key_size mcrypt_enc_get_modes_name 
mcrypt_enc_get_supported_key_sizes mcrypt_enc_is_block_algorithm_mode 
mcrypt_enc_is_block_algorithm mcrypt_enc_is_block_mode mcrypt_enc_self_test 
mcrypt_encrypt mcrypt_generic_deinit mcrypt_generic_end mcrypt_generic_init 
mcrypt_generic mcrypt_get_block_size mcrypt_get_cipher_name mcrypt_get_iv_size 
mcrypt_get_key_size mcrypt_list_algorithms mcrypt_list_modes 
mcrypt_module_close mcrypt_module_get_algo_block_size 
mcrypt_module_get_algo_key_size mcrypt_module_get_supported_key_sizes 
mcrypt_module_is_block_algorithm_mode mcrypt_module_is_block_algorithm 
mcrypt_module_is_block_mode mcrypt_module_open mcrypt_module_self_test 
mcrypt_ofb mcve_adduser mcve_adduserarg mcve_bt mcve_checkstatus mcve_chkpwd 
mcve_chngpwd mcve_completeauthorizations mcve_connect mcve_connectionerror 
mcve_deleteresponse mcve_deletetrans mcve_deleteusersetup mcve_deluser 
mcve_destroyconn mcve_destroyengine mcve_disableuser mcve_edituser 
mcve_enableuser mcve_force mcve_getcell mcve_getcellbynum 
mcve_getcommadelimited mcve_getheader mcve_getuserarg mcve_getuserparam 
mcve_gft mcve_gl mcve_gut mcve_initconn mcve_initengine mcve_initusersetup 
mcve_iscommadelimited mcve_liststats mcve_listusers mcve_maxconntimeout 
mcve_monitor mcve_numcolumns mcve_numrows mcve_override 
mcve_parsecommadelimited mcve_ping mcve_preauth mcve_preauthcompletion mcve_qc 
mcve_responseparam mcve_return mcve_returncode mcve_returnstatus mcve_sale 
mcve_setblocking mcve_setdropfile mcve_setip mcve_setssl mcve_settimeout 
mcve_settle mcve_text_avs mcve_text_code mcve_text_cv mcve_transactionauth 
mcve_transactionavs mcve_transactionbatch mcve_transactioncv mcve_transactionid 
mcve_transactionitem mcve_transactionssent mcve_transactiontext 
mcve_transinqueue mcve_transnew mcve_transparam mcve_transsend mcve_ub 
mcve_uwait mcve_verifyconnection mcve_verifysslcert mcve_void md5_file md5 
mdecrypt_generic metaphone method_exists mhash_count mhash_get_block_size 
mhash_get_hash_name mhash_keygen_s2k mhash microtime mime_content_type min 
ming_setcubicthreshold ming_setscale ming_useswfversion mkdir mktime 
money_format move_uploaded_file msession_connect msession_count msession_create 
msession_destroy msession_disconnect msession_find msession_get_array 
msession_get msession_getdata msession_inc msession_list msession_listvar 
msession_lock msession_plugin msession_randstr msession_set_array msession_set 
msession_setdata msession_timeout msession_uniq msession_unlock msg_get_queue 
msg_receive msg_remove_queue msg_send msg_set_queue msg_stat_queue 
msql_affected_rows msql_close msql_connect msql_create_db msql_createdb 
msql_data_seek msql_dbname msql_drop_db msql_dropdb msql_error msql_fetch_array 
msql_fetch_field msql_fetch_object msql_fetch_row msql_field_seek 
msql_fieldflags msql_fieldlen msql_fieldname msql_fieldtable msql_fieldtype 
msql_free_result msql_freeresult msql_list_dbs msql_list_fields 
msql_list_tables msql_listdbs msql_listfields msql_listtables msql_num_fields 
msql_num_rows msql_numfields msql_numrows msql_pconnect msql_query msql_regcase 
msql_result msql_select_db msql_selectdb msql_tablename msql mssql_bind 
mssql_close mssql_connect mssql_data_seek mssql_execute mssql_fetch_array 
mssql_fetch_assoc mssql_fetch_batch mssql_fetch_field mssql_fetch_object 
mssql_fetch_row mssql_field_length mssql_field_name mssql_field_seek 
mssql_field_type mssql_free_result mssql_free_statement mssql_get_last_message 
mssql_guid_string mssql_init mssql_min_error_severity 
mssql_min_message_severity mssql_next_result mssql_num_fields mssql_num_rows 
mssql_pconnect mssql_query mssql_result mssql_rows_affected mssql_select_db 
mt_getrandmax mt_rand mt_srand muscat_close muscat_get muscat_give 
muscat_setup_net muscat_setup mysql_affected_rows mysql_change_user 
mysql_client_encoding mysql_close mysql_connect mysql_create_db mysql_data_seek 
mysql_db_name mysql_db_query mysql_drop_db mysql_errno mysql_error 
mysql_escape_string mysql_fetch_array mysql_fetch_assoc mysql_fetch_field 
mysql_fetch_lengths mysql_fetch_object mysql_fetch_row mysql_field_flags 
mysql_field_len mysql_field_name mysql_field_seek mysql_field_table 
mysql_field_type mysql_free_result mysql_get_client_info mysql_get_host_info 
mysql_get_proto_info mysql_get_server_info mysql_info mysql_insert_id 
mysql_list_dbs mysql_list_fields mysql_list_processes mysql_list_tables 
mysql_num_fields mysql_num_rows mysql_pconnect mysql_ping mysql_query 
mysql_real_escape_string mysql_result mysql_select_db mysql_stat 
mysql_tablename mysql_thread_id mysql_unbuffered_query natcasesort natsort 
ncurses_addch ncurses_addchnstr ncurses_addchstr ncurses_addnstr ncurses_addstr 
ncurses_assume_default_colors ncurses_attroff ncurses_attron ncurses_attrset 
ncurses_baudrate ncurses_beep ncurses_bkgd ncurses_bkgdset ncurses_border 
ncurses_can_change_color ncurses_cbreak ncurses_clear ncurses_clrtobot 
ncurses_clrtoeol ncurses_color_set ncurses_curs_set ncurses_def_prog_mode 
ncurses_def_shell_mode ncurses_define_key ncurses_delay_output ncurses_delch 
ncurses_deleteln ncurses_delwin ncurses_doupdate ncurses_echo ncurses_echochar 
ncurses_end ncurses_erase ncurses_erasechar ncurses_filter ncurses_flash 
ncurses_flushinp ncurses_getch ncurses_getmouse ncurses_halfdelay 
ncurses_has_colors ncurses_has_ic ncurses_has_il ncurses_has_key ncurses_hline 
ncurses_inch ncurses_init_color ncurses_init_pair ncurses_init ncurses_insch 
ncurses_insdelln ncurses_insertln ncurses_insstr ncurses_instr ncurses_isendwin 
ncurses_keyok ncurses_killchar ncurses_longname ncurses_mouseinterval 
ncurses_mousemask ncurses_move ncurses_mvaddch ncurses_mvaddchnstr 
ncurses_mvaddchstr ncurses_mvaddnstr ncurses_mvaddstr ncurses_mvcur 
ncurses_mvdelch ncurses_mvgetch ncurses_mvhline ncurses_mvinch ncurses_mvvline 
ncurses_mvwaddstr ncurses_napms ncurses_newwin ncurses_nl ncurses_nocbreak 
ncurses_noecho ncurses_nonl ncurses_noqiflush ncurses_noraw ncurses_putp 
ncurses_qiflush ncurses_raw ncurses_refresh ncurses_resetty ncurses_savetty 
ncurses_scr_dump ncurses_scr_init ncurses_scr_restore ncurses_scr_set 
ncurses_scrl ncurses_slk_attr ncurses_slk_attroff ncurses_slk_attron 
ncurses_slk_attrset ncurses_slk_clear ncurses_slk_color ncurses_slk_init 
ncurses_slk_noutrefresh ncurses_slk_refresh ncurses_slk_restore 
ncurses_slk_touch ncurses_standend ncurses_standout ncurses_start_color 
ncurses_termattrs ncurses_termname ncurses_timeout ncurses_typeahead 
ncurses_ungetch ncurses_ungetmouse ncurses_use_default_colors ncurses_use_env 
ncurses_use_extended_names ncurses_vidattr ncurses_vline ncurses_wrefresh next 
ngettext nl_langinfo nl2br notes_body notes_copy_db notes_create_db 
notes_create_note notes_drop_db notes_find_note notes_header_info 
notes_list_msgs notes_mark_read notes_mark_unread notes_nav_create notes_search 
notes_unread notes_version number_format ob_clean ob_end_clean ob_end_flush 
ob_flush ob_get_contents ob_get_length ob_get_level ob_get_status ob_gzhandler 
ob_iconv_handler ob_implicit_flush ob_start ocibindbyname ocicancel 
ocicollappend ocicollassign ocicollassignelem ocicollgetelem ocicollmax 
ocicollsize ocicolltrim ocicolumnisnull ocicolumnname ocicolumnprecision 
ocicolumnscale ocicolumnsize ocicolumntype ocicolumntyperaw ocicommit 
ocidefinebyname ocierror ociexecute ocifetch ocifetchinto ocifetchstatement 
ocifreecollection ocifreecursor ocifreedesc ocifreestatement ociinternaldebug 
ociloadlob ocilogoff ocilogon ocinewcollection ocinewcursor ocinewdescriptor 
ocinlogon ocinumcols ociparse ociplogon ociresult ocirollback ocirowcount 
ocisavelob ocisavelobfile ociserverversion ocisetprefetch ocistatementtype 
ociwritelobtofile octdec odbc_autocommit odbc_binmode odbc_close_all odbc_close 
odbc_columnprivileges odbc_columns odbc_commit odbc_connect odbc_cursor 
odbc_data_source odbc_do odbc_error odbc_errormsg odbc_exec odbc_execute 
odbc_fetch_array odbc_fetch_into odbc_fetch_object odbc_fetch_row 
odbc_field_len odbc_field_name odbc_field_num odbc_field_precision 
odbc_field_scale odbc_field_type odbc_foreignkeys odbc_free_result 
odbc_gettypeinfo odbc_longreadlen odbc_next_result odbc_num_fields 
odbc_num_rows odbc_pconnect odbc_prepare odbc_primarykeys odbc_procedurecolumns 
odbc_procedures odbc_result_all odbc_result odbc_rollback odbc_setoption 
odbc_specialcolumns odbc_statistics odbc_tableprivileges odbc_tables opendir 
openlog openssl_csr_export_to_file openssl_csr_export openssl_csr_new 
openssl_csr_sign openssl_error_string openssl_free_key openssl_get_privatekey 
openssl_get_publickey openssl_open openssl_pkcs7_decrypt openssl_pkcs7_encrypt 
openssl_pkcs7_sign openssl_pkcs7_verify openssl_pkey_export_to_file 
openssl_pkey_export openssl_pkey_get_private openssl_pkey_get_public 
openssl_pkey_new openssl_private_decrypt openssl_private_encrypt 
openssl_public_decrypt openssl_public_encrypt openssl_seal openssl_sign 
openssl_verify openssl_x509_check_private_key openssl_x509_checkpurpose 
openssl_x509_export_to_file openssl_x509_export openssl_x509_free 
openssl_x509_parse openssl_x509_read ora_bind ora_close ora_columnname 
ora_columnsize ora_columntype ora_commit ora_commitoff ora_commiton ora_do 
ora_error ora_errorcode ora_exec ora_fetch_into ora_fetch ora_getcolumn 
ora_logoff ora_logon ora_numcols ora_numrows ora_open ora_parse ora_plogon 
ora_rollback ord overload ovrimos_close ovrimos_commit ovrimos_connect 
ovrimos_cursor ovrimos_exec ovrimos_execute ovrimos_fetch_into 
ovrimos_fetch_row ovrimos_field_len ovrimos_field_name ovrimos_field_num 
ovrimos_field_type ovrimos_free_result ovrimos_longreadlen ovrimos_num_fields 
ovrimos_num_rows ovrimos_prepare ovrimos_result_all ovrimos_result 
ovrimos_rollback pack parse_ini_file parse_str parse_url passthru pathinfo 
pclose pcntl_exec pcntl_fork pcntl_signal pcntl_waitpid pcntl_wexitstatus 
pcntl_wifexited pcntl_wifsignaled pcntl_wifstopped pcntl_wstopsig 
pcntl_wtermsig pdf_add_annotation pdf_add_bookmark pdf_add_launchlink 
pdf_add_locallink pdf_add_note pdf_add_outline pdf_add_pdflink 
pdf_add_thumbnail pdf_add_weblink pdf_arc pdf_arcn pdf_attach_file 
pdf_begin_page pdf_begin_pattern pdf_begin_template pdf_circle pdf_clip 
pdf_close_image pdf_close_pdi_page pdf_close_pdi pdf_close 
pdf_closepath_fill_stroke pdf_closepath_stroke pdf_closepath pdf_concat 
pdf_continue_text pdf_curveto pdf_delete pdf_end_page pdf_end_pattern 
pdf_end_template pdf_endpath pdf_fill_stroke pdf_fill pdf_findfont 
pdf_get_buffer pdf_get_font pdf_get_fontname pdf_get_fontsize 
pdf_get_image_height pdf_get_image_width pdf_get_majorversion 
pdf_get_minorversion pdf_get_parameter pdf_get_pdi_parameter pdf_get_pdi_value 
pdf_get_value pdf_initgraphics pdf_lineto pdf_makespotcolor pdf_moveto pdf_new 
pdf_open_ccitt pdf_open_file pdf_open_gif pdf_open_image_file pdf_open_image 
pdf_open_jpeg pdf_open_memory_image pdf_open_pdi_page pdf_open_pdi pdf_open_png 
pdf_open_tiff pdf_open pdf_place_image pdf_place_pdi_page pdf_rect pdf_restore 
pdf_rotate pdf_save pdf_scale pdf_set_border_color pdf_set_border_dash 
pdf_set_border_style pdf_set_char_spacing pdf_set_duration pdf_set_font 
pdf_set_horiz_scaling pdf_set_info_author pdf_set_info_creator 
pdf_set_info_keywords pdf_set_info_subject pdf_set_info_title pdf_set_info 
pdf_set_leading pdf_set_parameter pdf_set_text_matrix pdf_set_text_pos 
pdf_set_text_rendering pdf_set_text_rise pdf_set_value pdf_set_word_spacing 
pdf_setcolor pdf_setdash pdf_setflat pdf_setfont pdf_setgray_fill 
pdf_setgray_stroke pdf_setgray pdf_setlinecap pdf_setlinejoin pdf_setlinewidth 
pdf_setmatrix pdf_setmiterlimit pdf_setpolydash pdf_setrgbcolor_fill 
pdf_setrgbcolor_stroke pdf_setrgbcolor pdf_show_boxed pdf_show_xy pdf_show 
pdf_skew pdf_stringwidth pdf_stroke pdf_translate pfpro_cleanup pfpro_init 
pfpro_process_raw pfpro_process pfpro_version pfsockopen pg_affected_rows 
pg_cancel_query pg_client_encoding pg_close pg_connect pg_connection_busy 
pg_connection_reset pg_connection_status pg_convert pg_copy_from pg_copy_to 
pg_dbname pg_delete pg_end_copy pg_escape_bytea pg_escape_string pg_fetch_all 
pg_fetch_array pg_fetch_assoc pg_fetch_object pg_fetch_result pg_fetch_row 
pg_field_is_null pg_field_name pg_field_num pg_field_prtlen pg_field_size 
pg_field_type pg_free_result pg_get_notify pg_get_pid pg_get_result pg_host 
pg_insert pg_last_error pg_last_notice pg_last_oid pg_lo_close pg_lo_create 
pg_lo_export pg_lo_import pg_lo_open pg_lo_read_all pg_lo_read pg_lo_seek 
pg_lo_tell pg_lo_unlink pg_lo_write pg_meta_data pg_num_fields pg_num_rows 
pg_options pg_pconnect pg_ping pg_port pg_put_line pg_query pg_result_error 
pg_result_seek pg_result_status pg_select pg_send_query pg_set_client_encoding 
pg_trace pg_tty pg_unescape_bytea pg_untrace pg_update php_ini_scanned_files 
php_logo_guid php_sapi_name php_uname phpcredits phpinfo phpversion pi png2wbmp 
popen pos posix_ctermid posix_getcwd posix_getegid posix_geteuid posix_getgid 
posix_getgrgid posix_getgrnam posix_getgroups posix_getlogin posix_getpgid 
posix_getpgrp posix_getpid posix_getppid posix_getpwnam posix_getpwuid 
posix_getrlimit posix_getsid posix_getuid posix_isatty posix_kill posix_mkfifo 
posix_setegid posix_seteuid posix_setgid posix_setpgid posix_setsid 
posix_setuid posix_times posix_ttyname posix_uname pow preg_grep preg_match_all 
preg_match preg_quote preg_replace_callback preg_replace preg_split prev 
print_r print printer_abort printer_close printer_create_brush 
printer_create_dc printer_create_font printer_create_pen printer_delete_brush 
printer_delete_dc printer_delete_font printer_delete_pen printer_draw_bmp 
printer_draw_chord printer_draw_elipse printer_draw_line printer_draw_pie 
printer_draw_rectangle printer_draw_roundrect printer_draw_text printer_end_doc 
printer_end_page printer_get_option printer_list printer_logical_fontheight 
printer_open printer_select_brush printer_select_font printer_select_pen 
printer_set_option printer_start_doc printer_start_page printer_write printf 
proc_close proc_get_status proc_open pspell_add_to_personal 
pspell_add_to_session pspell_check pspell_clear_session pspell_config_create 
pspell_config_ignore pspell_config_mode pspell_config_personal 
pspell_config_repl pspell_config_runtogether pspell_config_save_repl 
pspell_new_config pspell_new_personal pspell_new pspell_save_wordlist 
pspell_store_replacement pspell_suggest putenv qdom_error qdom_tree 
quoted_printable_decode quotemeta rad2deg rand range rawurldecode rawurlencode 
read_exif_data readdir readfile readgzfile readline_add_history 
readline_clear_history readline_completion_function readline_info 
readline_list_history readline_read_history readline_write_history readline 
readlink realpath recode_file recode_string recode register_shutdown_function 
register_tick_function rename reset restore_error_handler rewind rewinddir 
rmdir round rsort rtrim sem_acquire sem_get sem_release sem_remove serialize 
sesam_affected_rows sesam_commit sesam_connect sesam_diagnostic 
sesam_disconnect sesam_errormsg sesam_execimm sesam_fetch_array 
sesam_fetch_result sesam_fetch_row sesam_field_array sesam_field_name 
sesam_free_result sesam_num_fields sesam_query sesam_rollback sesam_seek_row 
sesam_settransaction session_cache_expire session_cache_limiter session_decode 
session_destroy session_encode session_get_cookie_params session_id 
session_is_registered session_module_name session_name session_readonly 
session_register session_save_path session_set_cookie_params 
session_set_save_handler session_start session_unregister session_unset 
session_write_close set_error_handler set_file_buffer set_magic_quotes_runtime 
set_time_limit setcookie setlocale settype sha1_file sha1 shell_exec shm_attach 
shm_detach shm_get_var shm_put_var shm_remove_var shm_remove shmop_close 
shmop_delete shmop_open shmop_read shmop_size shmop_write show_source shuffle 
similar_text sin sinh sizeof sleep snmp_get_quick_print snmp_set_quick_print 
snmpget snmprealwalk snmpset snmpwalk snmpwalkoid socket_accept socket_bind 
socket_clear_error socket_close socket_connect socket_create_listen 
socket_create_pair socket_create socket_get_option socket_get_status 
socket_getpeername socket_getsockname socket_iovec_add socket_iovec_alloc 
socket_iovec_delete socket_iovec_fetch socket_iovec_free socket_iovec_set 
socket_last_error socket_listen socket_read socket_readv socket_recv 
socket_recvfrom socket_recvmsg socket_select socket_send socket_sendmsg 
socket_sendto socket_set_blocking socket_set_nonblock socket_set_option 
socket_set_timeout socket_shutdown socket_strerror socket_write socket_writev 
sort soundex split spliti sprintf sql_regcase sqrt srand sscanf stat 
str_ireplace str_pad str_repeat str_replace str_rot13 str_shuffle 
str_word_count strcasecmp strchr strcmp strcoll strcspn stream_context_create 
stream_context_get_options stream_context_set_option stream_context_set_params 
stream_copy_to_stream stream_filter_append stream_filter_prepend 
stream_get_filters stream_get_line stream_get_meta_data stream_get_transports 
stream_get_wrappers stream_register_filter stream_register_wrapper 
stream_select stream_set_blocking stream_set_timeout stream_set_write_buffer 
stream_socket_accept stream_socket_client stream_socket_get_name 
stream_socket_server strftime strip_tags stripcslashes stripos stripslashes 
stristr strlen strnatcasecmp strnatcmp strncasecmp strncmp strpos strrchr 
strrev strrpos strspn strstr strtok strtolower strtotime strtoupper strtr 
strval substr_count substr_replace substr swf_actiongeturl swf_actiongotoframe 
swf_actiongotolabel swf_actionnextframe swf_actionplay swf_actionprevframe 
swf_actionsettarget swf_actionstop swf_actiontogglequality 
swf_actionwaitforframe swf_addbuttonrecord swf_addcolor swf_closefile 
swf_definebitmap swf_definefont swf_defineline swf_definepoly swf_definerect 
swf_definetext swf_endbutton swf_enddoaction swf_endshape swf_endsymbol 
swf_fontsize swf_fontslant swf_fonttracking swf_getbitmapinfo swf_getfontinfo 
swf_getframe swf_labelframe swf_lookat swf_modifyobject swf_mulcolor swf_nextid 
swf_oncondition swf_openfile swf_ortho swf_ortho2 swf_perspective 
swf_placeobject swf_polarview swf_popmatrix swf_posround swf_pushmatrix 
swf_removeobject swf_rotate swf_scale swf_setfont swf_setframe swf_shapearc 
swf_shapecurveto swf_shapecurveto3 swf_shapefillbitmapclip 
swf_shapefillbitmaptile swf_shapefilloff swf_shapefillsolid swf_shapelinesolid 
swf_shapelineto swf_shapemoveto swf_showframe swf_startbutton swf_startdoaction 
swf_startshape swf_startsymbol swf_textwidth swf_translate swf_viewport 
swfaction swfbitmap->getheight swfbitmap->getwidth swfbitmap swfbutton_keypress 
swfbutton->addaction swfbutton->addshape swfbutton swfbutton->setaction 
swfbutton->setdown swfbutton->sethit swfbutton->setover swfbutton->setup 
swfdisplayitem->addcolor swfdisplayitem swfdisplayitem->move swfdisplayitem->
moveto swfdisplayitem->multcolor swfdisplayitem->remove swfdisplayitem->rotate 
swfdisplayitem->rotateto swfdisplayitem->scale swfdisplayitem->scaleto 
swfdisplayitem->setdepth swfdisplayitem->setname swfdisplayitem->setratio 
swfdisplayitem->skewx swfdisplayitem->skewxto swfdisplayitem->skewy 
swfdisplayitem->skewyto swffill swffill->moveto swffill->rotateto swffill->
scaleto swffill->skewxto swffill->skewyto swffont->getwidth swffont 
swfgradient->addentry swfgradient swfmorph->getshape1 swfmorph->getshape2 
swfmorph swfmovie->add swfmovie swfmovie->nextframe swfmovie->output swfmovie->
remove swfmovie->save swfmovie->setbackground swfmovie->setdimension swfmovie->
setframes swfmovie->setrate swfmovie->streammp3 swfshape->addfill swfshape->
drawcurve swfshape->drawcurveto swfshape->drawline swfshape->drawlineto 
swfshape swfshape->movepen swfshape->movepento swfshape->setleftfill swfshape->
setline swfshape->setrightfill swfsprite->add swfsprite swfsprite->nextframe 
swfsprite->remove swfsprite->setframes swftext->addstring swftext->getwidth 
swftext swftext->moveto swftext->setcolor swftext->setfont swftext->setheight 
swftext->setspacing swftextfield->addstring swftextfield->align swftextfield 
swftextfield->setbounds swftextfield->setcolor swftextfield->setfont 
swftextfield->setheight swftextfield->setindentation swftextfield->
setleftmargin swftextfield->setlinespacing swftextfield->setmargins 
swftextfield->setname swftextfield->setrightmargin sybase_affected_rows 
sybase_close sybase_connect sybase_data_seek sybase_deadlock_retry_count 
sybase_fetch_array sybase_fetch_assoc sybase_fetch_field sybase_fetch_object 
sybase_fetch_row sybase_field_seek sybase_free_result sybase_get_last_message 
sybase_min_client_severity sybase_min_error_severity 
sybase_min_message_severity sybase_min_server_severity sybase_num_fields 
sybase_num_rows sybase_pconnect sybase_query sybase_result sybase_select_db 
sybase_set_message_handler sybase_unbuffered_query symlink syslog system tan 
tanh tempnam textdomain time tmpfile token_get_all token_name touch 
trigger_error trim uasort ucfirst ucwords udm_add_search_limit udm_alloc_agent 
udm_api_version udm_cat_list udm_cat_path udm_check_charset udm_check_stored 
udm_clear_search_limits udm_close_stored udm_crc32 udm_errno udm_error udm_find 
udm_free_agent udm_free_ispell_data udm_free_res udm_get_doc_count 
udm_get_res_field udm_get_res_param udm_load_ispell_data udm_open_stored 
udm_set_agent_param uksort umask uniqid unixtojd unlink unpack 
unregister_tick_function unserialize unset urldecode urlencode user_error 
usleep usort utf8_decode utf8_encode var_dump var_export version_compare 
virtual vpopmail_add_alias_domain_ex vpopmail_add_alias_domain 
vpopmail_add_domain_ex vpopmail_add_domain vpopmail_add_user vpopmail_alias_add 
vpopmail_alias_del_domain vpopmail_alias_del vpopmail_alias_get_all 
vpopmail_alias_get vpopmail_auth_user vpopmail_del_domain_ex 
vpopmail_del_domain vpopmail_del_user vpopmail_error vpopmail_passwd 
vpopmail_set_user_quota vprintf vsprintf w32api_deftype w32api_init_dtype 
w32api_invoke_function w32api_register_function w32api_set_call_method 
wddx_add_vars wddx_deserialize wddx_packet_end wddx_packet_start 
wddx_serialize_value wddx_serialize_vars wordwrap xml_error_string 
xml_get_current_byte_index xml_get_current_column_number 
xml_get_current_line_number xml_get_error_code xml_parse_into_struct xml_parse 
xml_parser_create_ns xml_parser_create xml_parser_free xml_parser_get_option 
xml_parser_set_option xml_set_character_data_handler xml_set_default_handler 
xml_set_element_handler xml_set_end_namespace_decl_handler 
xml_set_external_entity_ref_handler xml_set_notation_decl_handler 
xml_set_object xml_set_processing_instruction_handler 
xml_set_start_namespace_decl_handler xml_set_unparsed_entity_decl_handler 
xmlrpc_decode_request xmlrpc_decode xmlrpc_encode_request xmlrpc_encode 
xmlrpc_get_type xmlrpc_parse_method_descriptions 
xmlrpc_server_add_introspection_data xmlrpc_server_call_method 
xmlrpc_server_create xmlrpc_server_destroy 
xmlrpc_server_register_introspection_callback xmlrpc_server_register_method 
xmlrpc_set_type xpath_eval_expression xpath_eval xpath_new_context xptr_eval 
xptr_new_context xslt_create xslt_errno xslt_error xslt_free xslt_process 
xslt_set_base xslt_set_encoding xslt_set_error_handler xslt_set_log 
xslt_set_sax_handler xslt_set_sax_handlers xslt_set_scheme_handler 
xslt_set_scheme_handlers yaz_addinfo yaz_ccl_conf yaz_ccl_parse yaz_close 
yaz_connect yaz_database yaz_element yaz_errno yaz_error yaz_get_option 
yaz_hits yaz_itemorder yaz_present yaz_range yaz_record yaz_scan_result 
yaz_scan yaz_schema yaz_search yaz_set_option yaz_sort yaz_syntax yaz_wait 
yp_all yp_cat yp_err_string yp_errno yp_first yp_get_default_domain yp_master 
yp_match yp_next yp_order zend_logo_guid zend_version zip_close zip_entry_close 
zip_entry_compressedsize zip_entry_compressionmethod zip_entry_filesize 
zip_entry_name zip_entry_open zip_entry_read zip_open zip_read

words5=
words6=
words7=

;HTML
style0=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style1=0x0000FF,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style2=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style3=0xFF0000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style4=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,1,0
style5=0xFF0000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style6=0x8000FF,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,0,0
style7=0x8000FF,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,0,0
style8=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style9=0x008000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style10=0x000000,0xFEFDE0,10,Courier New,0,1,0
style11=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style12=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,1,0
style13=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,0,0
style14=0x008000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,1,0
style15=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,1,0
style16=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,1,0
style17=0xFF8000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,1,0
style18=0xFF8000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,1,0
style19=0xFF8000,0xFEFDE0,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style20=0x008000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,1,0

;SGML
style21=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style22=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style23=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style24=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style25=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style26=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style27=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style28=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style29=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style30=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style31=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0


;JavaScript
style40=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style41=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style42=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style43=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style44=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style45=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style46=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style47=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style48=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style49=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style50=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style51=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style52=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0


style55=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style56=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style57=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style58=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style59=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style60=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style61=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style62=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style63=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style64=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style65=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style66=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style67=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0


style70=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style71=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style72=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style73=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style74=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style75=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style76=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style77=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0

style80=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style81=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style82=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style83=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style84=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style85=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style86=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style87=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0


style90=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style91=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style92=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style93=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style94=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style95=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style96=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style97=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style98=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style99=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style100=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style101=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style102=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0

style104=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0

style105=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style106=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style107=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style108=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style109=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style110=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style111=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style112=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style113=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style114=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style115=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style116=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style117=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0

;PHP
style118=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style119=0x008000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style120=0x008000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style121=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,0,0
style122=0x000080,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style123=0x0000FF,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style124=0x808080,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,1,0
style125=0x808080,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,1,0
style126=0x0000FF,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,0,0,0
style127=0x000000,0xFFFFFF,10,Courier New,1,0,0
