cf	Central African Republic
cg	Congo
ch	Switzerland
ci	Cote d'Ivoire
ck	Cook Islands
cl	Chile
cm	Cameroon
cn	China
co	Colombia
cr	Costa Rica
cs	Czechoslovakia
cu	Cuba
cv	Cape Verde
cx	Christmas Island
cy	Cyprus
cz	Czech Republic
de	Germany
dj	Djibouti
dk	Denmark
dm	Dominica
do	Dominican Republic
dz	Algeria
ec	Ecuador
ed 	US Educational
ee	Estonia
eg	Egypt
eh	Western Sahara
es	Spain
et	Ethiopia
fi	Finland
fj	Fiji
fk	Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
fm	Micronesia
fo	Faroe Islands
fr	France
ga	Gabon
gb	United Kingdom
gd	Grenada
ge	Georgia
gf	French Guiana
gh	Ghana
gi	Gibraltar
gl	Greenland
gm	Gambia
gn	Guinea
gov	US Government
gp	Guadeloupe
gq	Equatorial Guinea
gr	Greece
gt	Guatemala
gu	Guam
gw	Guinea-Bissau
gy	Guyana
hk	Hong Kong
hm	Heard and McDonald Islands
hn	Honduras
hr	Croatia (Hrvatska)
ht	Haiti
hu	Hungary
id	Indonesia
ie	Ireland
il	Israel
in	India
int 	International
io	British Indian Ocean Terr
iq	Iraq
ir	Iran, Islamic Republic of
is	Iceland
it	Italy
jm	Jamaica
jo	Jordan
jp	Japan
ke	Kenya
kg	Kyrgyzstan
kh	Cambodia
ki	Kiribati
km	Comoros
kn	Saint Kitts and Nevis
kp	Korea, Democratic PR
kr	Korea, Republic of
kw	Kuwait
ky	Cayman Islands
kz	Kazakhstan
la	Lao People's Democratic R
lb	Lebanon
lc	Saint Lucia
li	Liechtenstein
lk	Sri Lanka
lr	Liberia
ls	Lesotho
lt	Lithuania
lu	Luxembourg
lv	Latvia
ly	Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
ma	Morocco
mc	Monaco
md	Moldova, Republic of
mg	Madagascar
mh	Marshall Islands
mk	Macedonia
ml	Mali
mm	Myanmar
mn	Mongolia
mo	Macau
mp	Northern Mariana Islands
mq	Martinique
mr	Mauritania
ms	Montserrat
mt	Malta
mu	Mauritius
mv	Maldives
mw	Malawi
mx	Mexico
my	Malaysia
mz	Mozambique
na	Namibia
nc	New Caledonia
ne	Niger
nf	Norfolk Island
ng	Nigeria
ni	Nicaragua
nl	Netherlands
no	Norway
np	Nepal
nr	Nauru
nt	Neutral Zone
nu	Niue
nz	New Zealand
om	Oman
pa	Panama
pe	Peru
pf	French Polynesia
pg	Papua New Guinea
ph	Philippines
pk	Pakistan
pl	Poland
pm	St. Pierre and Miquelon
pn	Pitcairn
pr	Puerto Rico
pt	Portugal
pw	Palau
py	Paraguay
qa	Qatar
re	Reunion
ro	Romania
ru	Russian Federation
rw	Rwanda
sa	Saudi Arabia
sb	Solomon Islands
sc	Seychelles
sd	Sudan
se 	Sweden
sg	Singapore
sh	St. Helena
si	Slovenia
sj	Svalbard and Jan Mayen Is
sk	Slovakia
sl	Sierra Leone
sm	San Marino
sn	Senegal
so	Somalia
sr	Suriname
st	Sao Tome and Principe
su	Soviet Union
sv	El Salvador
sy	Syrian Arab Republic
sz	Swaziland
tc	Turks and Caicos Islands
td	Chad
tf	French Southern Territories
tg	Togo
th	Thailand
tj	Tajikistan
tk	Tokelau
tm	Turkmenistan
tn	Tunisia
to	Tonga
tp	East Timor
tr	Turkey
tt	Trinidad and Tobago
tv	Tuvalu
tw	Taiwan, Province of China
tz	Tanzania, United Republic
ua	Ukrainian SSR
ug	Uganda
uk	United Kingdom
um	US Minor Outlying Islands
us	United States of America
uy	Uruguay
uz	Uzbekistan
va	Vatican City State
vc	Saint Vincent & Grenadines
ve	Venezuela
vg	Virgin Islands (British)
vi	Virgin Islands (U.S.)
vn	Viet Nam
vu	Vanuatu
wf	Wallis and Futuna Islands
ws	Samoa
ye	Yemen, Republic of
yu	Yugoslavia
za	South Africa
zm	Zambia
zr	Zaire
zw	Zimbabwe